My name is Eric Hammond. Um, currently a commander, Chaplain, station,
Open up. Not working for a two star general, But my journey really
began in 1992 when I enlisted from a small town in Wisconsin and attended
boot camp in San Diego. And from there I was Ah, radioman. My
first duty stations included commands such as LST Fairfax County, which
is no longer around. I went to the U. S s Kidd, which is also decommissioned.
From there, I took a few different communication billets.
One took me to Roosevelt roads. Puerto Rico is no longer a Navy
base. Also, around 2004 I felt a call into the ministry, and my enlisted
career took me all way up to E six. And then I went over and commissioned
as a chaplain candidate and finished my degrees and my graduate
degree and became a chaplain. Tours is a chaplain. I started
off going to Afghanistan with Second Marine Aircraft Wing, and immediately
after that, I took a billet and deployed with ah seal team back
to Afghanistan to very difficult and kinetic tours, where I learned
a lot from there. I became an instructor for chaplains, and I was
able to teach new chaplains and how to minister within the military.
From there, it took me to, ah, ship USS San Antonio lpd 17 and finally
brought me to the Pentagon, where I'm currently at now. My family
has always followed me. I've been married for 25 years. I have four
Children from the ages of 24 to 15 and everywhere I've gone has been
a challenge. But it's been an opportunity for them to grow and learn
more about the Navy and how we support.